In this lecture we'll take a look at the posts that we imported in the very first section in this course. And we'll make
sure that everything is displayed correctly.
So I think I mentioned this before but when you, if you are submitting this theme to Theme Forests what
they do is they import the same unit tests that we imported. And they check each post one by one to make
sure your blog is coded correctly.
So let's do the same thing.
So first we have a "Template: Sticky".
So when you create a post, let's edit any post, you will have the option for this post to be a sticky post,
"Stick to the Front Page". And this option makes these posts appear in the at the very top of the post list.
And the author must be styled a bit differently.
So in our case we added this border here.
So if you open this post it mentions that we must use post_class().
So we already did that.
So the content. We used "post_class()" here. And what this will do it will add some classes like ".sticky"
in this case. and BY using this class you can style sticky posts differently.
So we did that in the post list where it adds border to posts that have the class ".sticky". And
it also mentions some information about the order of the posts and how they should show up in the index
page.
But we don't have to do anything about that if we call  the loop correctly which we already did.
Then this post will appear at the top without us having to do anything.
So we have another post here, "Markup: HTML Tags and Formatting". So let's open this in a new tab and this will
just list all the HTML elements that you can add when you create a post.
So we just have to make sure that these elements are styled correctly. So you know like tables and lists
and stuff like that.
So this will be mainly a CSS stuff
and a PHP code wise we don't have to do anything about it.
That will be purely CSS. We also have image alignment.
So when you're creating a post, let's edit this post. When you're creating a post you can choose to align images left
or right or center. And then WordPress will add some classes, let's inspect here.
Like "aligncenter" class as you can see here.
Or maybe it's "alignleft". And so it's your job now to style these classes to appear correctly here.
And we already did that.
Remembering the in the when we were loading our CSS we loaded a file called _wp and this file actually
contains all of these classes.
So if you loaded this file you will be fine here.
But also make sure to read, this text is not just dummy text. It's actually explains what should be appearing here.
So make sure to read these posts and make sure everything is fine.
We have also "Text Alignment". And same idea, it adds some classes and you should align it in your CSS
left or right or
justify.
We also have
some special characters. So you should check this table and make sure characters appear correctly here.
We have "Title With Markup". So this
this post in the title.
It has an I tag in it so the "With" here.
Let's edit post.
And as you can see I tag in the "With" and
bold in the "Markup". And this "With" reflect correctly here.
We have a long featured image. You should make sure that if you have long featured image it should
somehow display correctly. And also a horizontal featured image. Let's go to the next page and we have
the "More Tag".
So when you are creating a post you can add a "more tag" which is this line here. And you can add it by
clicking on this. And this means that any content after this line should not appear in
the excerpts. And you won't have to do anything about this.
The excerpt() function will take care of this.
We also have "Defined Excerpt".
So if we added this post you can see that you can define an excerpt here. And if this is defined it will
appear here. Otherwise
sorry here.
Otherwise the excerpt should be generated from the content.
The excerpt() function will
also take care of this.
You don't have to do anything about it.
So this is a generated excerpt. And this is a "Paginated" post. So WordPress has a feature where you can
when you are creating a post,
you can create a paginated post.
So here we have Page 1 and Page 2 and Page 3. But here we only have Page 1 and we don't have any pagination
here.
So this is something that we have to tackle.
So in the content and after we display the content we should call a function called wp_link_pages().
wp_link_pages().
So let's see what this will do.
And as you can see it added pagination to the post.
So if we now click on to, it will be "Post Page 2" and so on.
And this function also takes, it can take some arguments. You can check it's the documentation if you want to
change the HTML markup for it.
So let's close these and we have the "Sticky" post. It should appear also in the correct order.
So sticky posts appear twice.
At the very top.
And then again in the correct order. We also have a "Password Protected" post.
So when you create a post you can protect it with a password.
And this will also be taken care of automatically.
You don't have to do anything about it.
Just make sure it's working fine and the password is "enter". So if you click the password the content should appear.
And we have "Comments" but we haven't displayed any comments yet.
And we'll take care of this in maybe a separate section. So let's ignore this for now.
And also comments, this will be in the comments section. Also "Pingbacks and Trackbacks" will be in the comments
section.
We have "Embeds". I'll just make sure that when you  embed a twitter post it will be displayed correctly.
We have post formats and we'll also have a separate section for this.
So let's ignore all the posts with post formats for
now.
We have for example a post with a long title.
So you should make sure that if this word,long word here.
So let's have, let's try
and decrease the viewport width.
So yes, we should make sure that when this title's width is larger than the content's width it won't be cut off.
So whatever it is added the "word-break:  break all" here. And also in the H1.
So if you don't have these, as you can see the word will be cut off because it's a long word.
So I think these CSS styles will solve this problem. And everything is explained here as well in the content
of the post. We also have post without a title.
And as it mentions here you should have a link somewhere that will go to the post.
So we have the link in date and we have a "Read More" link as well.
And we've post with no content should also see how that will look like.
We've already seen the "Many Categories" and "Many Tags". And we have some "Nested Lists" so you should make
sure that these are styled correctly also.
So as you can see this will be mainly CSS stuff.
So we only had to add the post pagination thing.
Other than that it will be mainly styling.
So let's in the next lecture that
also, if you go to Gutenberg here and Demo,
you'll have this dummy post that showcases Gutenberg's features. So let's publish this post and let's see
what we can do with our theme to be more compatible with the Gutenberg editor.